1. 	Implement Daily.co video chat feature
1.1	Daily.co login campuscare email, pass: TechMasterDevs26
1.2	Consultation type in booking -> remove (Microsoft Teams) and "4. Preferred Language for Teams Meeting" must change
im pretty sure we did this already so 
dont plan this

2. 	Change Student/Staff No. -> Username
2.1 	Account for @mandela.ac.za input on signin
lets change our wording a bit as due to the prefix 's' its actually a username not just a student number
also allow for for emails to be valid usernames for students (i think we can just slice off everything after @ nice lil trick)
plan this

3. 	UI Icons 
i must still provide new icons for different areas 
dont plan this

4. 	Seperate (from meet our staff) nurse view page
4.1	In booking link to this page correctly
i want to seperate how we jump to the meet our staff page when we click "see more" or "view full details" or something like that within the booking flow after we select a nurse
yeah a think pops up with a few reviews but we can clikc see more, i want that to rather link to a student facing nurse profile view, where we can see the nurse details (no private info like phone num or email)
and all reviews for that nurse with filtering features
plan this

5.	Admin -> Edit Nurse -> Address -> Make pin drop
5.1 	Admin -> 'Edit Student' use case rather to become 'View Student' use case nothing editable
plan this

6. 	Make the booking table legend make actual sense in terms of dark/light mode
the legend for the booking table is correctly coloured for light mode but not darkmode, fix
specfically the green darkens on the table but not the legend
plan this

7.	Review nurse, make "Your Review" wording optional -> "Comment (Optional)"

8.	"My symptom is not listed" section/button in the Symptom Checker -> input own description -> Immediate tier 2
8.1	Default all drop downs open
8.2	Orange dot -> yellow empty circle, and make these dots bigger
plan this

9.	Make profile indicator in top right actually a profile viewer
9.1 	brandblue - #141c2b
	secondaryblue - #132e51
	brandyellow - #ffcc00
	secondaryyellow - #f9b22a
9.2  	Add student name in top right corner (incl logout and view profile upon click)
so i was thinking for the top right indicator thing that says student/nurse/admin
rather we replace that with the users Initial. Surname like S. Whitfield and on click we can go to the view/edit profile section or click logout
plan this

10.	Make clinic addresses in DB make sense (2nd ave for north campus is wrong)
please use online search features to check addresses
plan this
	
11. 	Implement Resend API, use for:
	Consultation notifications (reject/accept, upcoming accepted meeting, new potential booking nurses side)
	Sign up verification
	Forgot password flow
dont plan this

12. 	Upgrade to tier 2 if they:
	Have similar symptoms within week of last symptom check
	OR
	Making booking within a week of last booking
implement some background logic that checks if a student is checking their symptoms and if its the same symptoms (at least half)
escalte to tier 2 flow

12.1	If booking/checking again:
	Ask if they're experiencing same symptoms since last check
		if yes -> auto fill symptoms
	AND
	Ask if they're booking for same reason since last book

13. 	Progress bar for upcoming consultations (confirmed, pending etc)
i want there to be a progress bar if someone has a booked consultation
stages: booked, confirmed, meeting today, in progress, complete
self explanatory, when its complete but when the student only views these elements for first time (since complete)
have nice animations for this feature (simple and clean nothing flashy or extra)
plan this

14. 	Nurse images on 'meet our staff' page
still need to find stock images
dont plan this

15.	Debug nearest hospital code
audit and review the current "find nearest hospital" code and make sure its detecting location properly and actually fetching nearest hospital correctly

16. 	Start Asking for site permissions like real sites and refresh/reload accordingly
it seems permission detection is super buggy, and very unusable, can you make our site like the pro sites which ask for permissions at the necessary places
location, camera, microphone, cookies, etc
plan this

17. 	Search feature for symptoms + tag bar
where the symptom tags are placed, should be a search bar as well, we start typing after the right most symtoms
implement auto complete/normal search suggestion based off the symtoms we have
normal search bar thingz, simple and clean
plan for this